# Objective

This is a guessing game based on random numbers and will progress through a series of rounds. The goal of this game is to observe the rising Multiplier value, predict at which point it will freeze, and place points based on the prediction.
At the beginning of each round, each player will be given a certain amount of points to start with. The starting points will be the same for all players. If a player guessed correctly, they win the round and will gain points calculated by the points placed multiplied by the Multiplier (points * multiplier). Otherwise, all points placed are lost.
The speed slider controls the speed of the rising multiplier value, but it does not affect the chances of a player's prediction in any way.


# Mechanics
- Game Board: consists of a line graph, representing how the Multiplier value increases over the course of the round.
  Player Inputs:
  - Points: The amount of points the player will place for their guess.
  - Multiplier: The value that the player predicts the Multiplier value will freeze at
- Current Round: A table displaying all active players of the current round
- Speed Slider: Consists of a slider that controls the rising speed of the Multiplier value
- Ranking: A table displaying the total ranking of all players, based on their total points
- Chat: Allows players to send messages to each other through the chat box
  
In addition, there will be 4 auto-players generated by the game. These auto-players will make their own predictions, and their points will be included in the overall ranking (As a developer, you are free to generate these players through the frontend or backend).

### Demo
[Watch the video demo](./guessthename_demo.mov)


### developed using

Backend:
- Typescript
- NestJS
- WebSocket

Frontend:
- Typescript
- ReactJS/NextJS
- WebSocket


### to get started 

1. Clone the repo
2. go to server Dir and install NPM packages 
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```
3. go to frontend Dir and install NPM packages
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

4. Start the server from server Dir
   ```sh
   npm run start
   ```
5. start the frontend from frontend Dir
    ```sh
   npm run start
   ```
